<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Reissue.start][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
-   [Reissue.stop][3]
-   [create][4]
    -   [Parameters][5]

## Reissue.start

Starts the timer interval. Calling start() while reissue is already active
will throw an exception.

### Parameters

-   `delay` **[Number][6]?** an optional delay in ms before first invocation. if
    no delay is provided, first invocation is synchronous (no setImmediate, no
    setTimeout).  Note that `0` is explicitly a valid value, and will be passed
    to setTimeout.

Returns **[undefined][7]** 

## Reissue.stop

Stops the interval execution, and clears any queued up invocations.

Returns **[undefined][7]** 

## create

This module exposes a create method which takes the following options:

### Parameters

-   `opts` **[Object][8]** an options object
    -   `opts.func` **[Object][8]** the function to execute on an interval. this
        function is invoked with a callback function as its last parameter.
    -   `opts.interval` **[Number][6]** the interval in ms to execute the function, or
        a function that returns an interval, allowing usage of a dynamic interval.
    -   `opts.timeout` **[Number][6]?** an optional timeout in ms. if any invocation
        of the the supplied func exceeds this timeout, the `timeout` event is fired.
    -   `opts.context` **[Object][8]?** an optional `this` context for the function
        invocation. use this in lieu of native `bind()` if you are concerned about
        performance. reissue uses `apply()` under the hood to do context/arg binding.
    -   `opts.args` **[Array][9]?** an optional array of arguments for the function.
        used in conjunction with the same `apply()` call as the context.

Returns **Reissue** a Reissue object

[1]: #reissuestart

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #reissuestop

[4]: #create

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[7]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined

[8]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[9]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array
